---
title: Blog 7 2018
layout: post
author: jacob.mellows
permalink: /blog-6-2018/
source-id: 1hjvVeHnvpMXpOY4m_dByGTifedv7KWrsumeLc1CSuBs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Mozilla Thimble</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>18/10/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Keep improving our blogs</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Understand how to use mozilla thimble more advancedly</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I have added images and videos successfully.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I persevered when my gifs weren't coming through and tried until i realised that i hadn’t picked the correct link and then they worked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned to myself does this image code need a slash and a greater than and then my image worked</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I was independent when he had to work quietly and used to posts on Classroom to help me add more things</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected on what our teacher told us  how to add images the previous lesson and put that knowledge into my coding</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I was engaged when our task was given out to follow instructions and was quick to log on and get started with improving my blog.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have added more cool stuff like colour changing titles but unfortunately i had ran out of time. I had some points that I needed some help on and if our main teacher was in i could have asked him for help and learnt what to do but we had a cover who is not knowledgeable in I.T. so he didn't know what to do</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When adding gifs and videos to my website to make it look more attractive i got a bit distracted with all the gifs and sorted went off task looking at all these cool gifs which i could add thinking which one should i add which took some lesson time up.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


