---
title: Blog 8 2018
layout: post
author: jacob.mellows
permalink: /blog-8-2018/
source-id: 1DFvGieAdGkyvecX3A2Oc-4HeVkN6zhs1pouq8B1bd6g
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Using Spreadsheets</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>8/11/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We have been improving are Thimble blogs</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Understand how to use sheets to do calculations and plan events</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I know how to calculate the sum and product of different numbers</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When I didn't have the right profit that i wanted i tried changing things and found out to raise the ticket prices would increase my profit.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned myself will i be able to the amount of profit and i did an estimation of what i’ll make and planned it out carefully</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I was able to complete the activity without help and came up with my own ideas for what to plan   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected on our lessons before on sheets about ciphers and knew how to select different areas and add them together</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I was engaged in the brief and knew what to do and how to do it</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I went too over the top with how much planning and extras to the gig because the point of doing this exercise was to understand how to use the spreadsheets effectively by finding the product of different blocks, the sum of different blocks by using = sum or =product.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i should fully focus on the point of learning in the lesson because I need to not spend too much time on the things that don't matter as much and focus on the point of learning in the lessons.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


