---
title: Blog 5 2018
layout: post
author: jacob.mellows
permalink: /blog-5-2018/
source-id: 1vqVEDdMXJPidDg-xhIbGz2bh8qsgFNLAbLnBrGixuHo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Mozilla Thimble</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>04/10/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Starting a mozilla thimble blog </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Understand how to use mozilla thimble</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I now know how to use it and how to edit the html file</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When my container code didn't come through i tried loads of ways and found out how it worked                  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I asked myself whether i could copy some of my code from github and realised that i could copy the github code for my blog posts</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I was able to see what code corresponded to which part of the website and i was able to change the title and subtitles</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>As the code was very similar to the code in Github i transferred across some of the basics </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged in are task and followed it and completed it</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have added more of my previous blog posts to my project as i didn't really understand how to add them but gradually towards the end of the lesson. I would say I could of added a bit more to my blog in the time that I was given.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I have looked at Mozilla Thimble before as my brother is currently doing it as well and i was very happy when i was able to start a new website in Thimble rather than Github.  I got on rather well and enjoyed how quick the changes were but when I was adding blogs the container wasn’t there and the background wasn’t and took to long to realise that I needed to cop the original one from the template and i need to pick up on more obvious mistakes next time and sometimes ask for help when I’m not sure.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


