---
title: Blog 3 2018
layout: post
author: jacob.mellows
permalink: /blog-3-2018/
source-id: 1QOcNQiBaNu2WAFwwZYO5BTt7qhL9MPH2HPjjmDcmk2o
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Shift Ciphers </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Shift Ciphers</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Add a decoding shift cipher</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I managed to complete it relatively quickly </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When i tried to do minus shift it wasn't working and it said the shift needed to be above 0 and then i realised what i had done wrong                          </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned to myself how would i decode the coded message and knew what to do</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I could have been more independent but i used what i saw from other people and that made we realise how to do other things</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected on what i did last lesson and then knew the basics and how i needed to lay out my work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged in what Mr keen was telling me and knew the task so i was ready to start </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I would say i could have spent more time doing more difficult things but as Sam was next to me and was struggling and how i am such i nice person i decided to help him cause we all know how bad sam is as I.T. I know right.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I am very happy with how much i completed this lesson i can’t really improve on how i did. However, i could have been a little more independent rather than asking some of my friends who have already done it.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


