---
title: Blog 2019
layout: post
author: jacob.mellows
permalink: /blog-2019/
source-id: 1fdM0TGII4xvMa8F4PMTyAPGgZwCfkjoPAPFYxH4xxIc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Binary, Denary and Hex</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/11/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Learning how to convert binary and hex into denary and vice versa </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Understand how to convert between different bases</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I know how to convert between bases efficiently</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When trying to convert to hex I was very unsure and remembered how you worked out binary and worked out how to work out hex</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned to myself that those numbers looked similar and found a quick way to work out specific numbers</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>When I was converting the numbers I did it independently on my own </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I have done a bit of binary before and was able to input that knowledge into today's lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I was very engaged in our learning part of the lesson so I was ready to put that learning into my work and </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have been it bit more quick with my working as when we were going through our exercises I was a bit slow and couldn't finish all the questions in time as I was also talking when I should have been working</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think next time I should work at a much quicker speed as I’m not fully completing the questions I need to complete and not getting everything out of the lesson. I should position myself in a position where I can achieve the best for myself.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


